Thank you, thank you, Mr. Sun
There will never be a next time
Thank you, Mr. Sun
Please report after hearing this dialect
I don't want to see you go now
Let's get out
Now it's your turn to settle the bill
Who wants to settle the bill?
Long time no see, Du Qing, you are here
Hurry up and take a seat
Oh, dear.
I heard someone arguing in the house at the door just now
Did something happen?
It's not all this.
Xiao Wuji is Mu Yan's boyfriend
Arrogant and rude contradict us all
Just did something to Susan
Zi Feng just wanted to teach him a little lesson
Just train and so on
This Mr. Xiao seems familiar.
Have we met before?
Everyone in the Wuji Hall has a noble identity
Just a scumbag like him who lives on women
How could I have seen a big shot like you?
I think Brother Xiao looks dignified
Magnificent
Not like such a bad person
What's the use of looking good?
If it weren't for being taken by Mu Yan
He still doesn't know where to beg for food